
NAME
    ca.py - a command for making SSL certificates

SYNOPSIS
    ca.py [-o outfile] -c
    ca.py [-C cafile] [-o outfile] [-s] cname

DESCRIPTION
    The ca (certificate authority) tool provides a simplified interface
    for creating SSL certificates. It is capable of generating CA
    certificates and self-signed and CA-signed SSL certificates. Before
    creating a CA-signed certificate, a CA certificate must be generated.
    This is done by running ca.py with the -c option without any
    cname argument. A CA certificate and key will be written out to ca.pem
    or the file specified with the -o argument. Without the -c option,
    ca.py will generate an SSL certificate for cname (which is a
    required argument) to cert.pem or to the file specified with the
    -o argument. If the -s option is given, the SSL certificate will
    be self-signed, otherwise it will be signed with the CA key specified
    by the -C option or in the ca.pem file.  Certificate names 
    specified with the -o and -C option should not include the ".pem" suffix. 

    Certificates are written out to a ".pem" file and include both
    the certificate information as well as the RSA key. For convenience
    the certificate is also written out in X509 DER format into a ".cer"
    file. A separate script, pkcs12.sh (or pkcs12.bat) is provided 
    to convert the ".pem" certificate into PKCS-12 format into a ".pfx"
    file if necessary. It requires that the openssl command line be
    available.


EXAMPLES
    Generate a new CA into ca.pem and ca.pfx:

        $ ./ca.py -c
        $ ./pkcs12.sh ca

    Generate an SSL certificate for www.google.com into cert.pem:

        $ ./ca.py www.google.com

    Generate a self-signed certificate for www.evil.com into foo.pem:

        $ ./ca.py -s -o foo www.evil.com

    Generate an SSL certificate for www.isecpartners.com signed by
    AltCA.pem into isec.pem:

        $ ./ca.py -C AltCA -o isec www.isecpartners.com


BUGS
    This program has no facility to specify the various fields of
    the certificate other than the CName. 

    The program makes no effort to use meaningful values for the
    certificate serial number or version.

    XXX does not provide auth key identifier...

