
NAME
    prox.py - A TCP proxy supporting SSL

SYNOPSIS
    prox.py [opts] addr port
    prox.py [opts] -s [-C cert] [-A cname] addr port
    opts: [-1] [-6] [-b bindaddr] [-L localport] [-l logfile] [-m mod:args] [--ssl-in] [--ssl-out] [-3] [-T] [-O]

DESCRIPTION
    The prox.py tool provides a TCP proxy that proxies data between
    a locally accepted TCP connection and a connection to a remote host.
    The address and port arguments are required and specify the remote
    host to establish a connection to. If the -6 argument is given
    all addresses are treated as IPv6 addresses, otherwise as IPv4
    addresses. When IPv6 is used, the proxy will attempt to enable
    IPv4-in-IPv6 compatibility if it is supported by the operating 
    system.

    The prox.py tool will listen on for connections to the port port
    in the command line unless specified with the -L option and
    listen on all interfaces unless specified with the -b option.
    Normally the program will accept any number of TCP connections
    and proxy them all (possibly concurrently) unless the -1 option
    is given, in which case only one connection is processed.

    The option -O relies on SO_ORIGINAL_DST option set on the client
    socket by iptables REDIRECT target to get the original destination.
    This options does not need (and even ignores) addr and port arguments.
    -O (without -1) allows a single process to proxy connections to
    multiple destinations. As it relies on iptables, it is Linux-only.

    If a log filename is specified with the -l option, all data
    proxied by the program will be written out to the specified log
    file. Data is written out in lines consisting of four space-separated
    columns: timestamp, client address, direction and data. The
    timestamp is a floating point value representing seconds since
    UNIX epoch. The client address contains the address of the client
    that initiated the connection to the server in address:port
    format. The direction is given by the character "i" for data
    incoming from the client and copied to the remote host or "o" for
    data from the remote host and written out to the client. The
    data is given in hex with no spaces. A utility named proxcat.py
    is provided for consuming this data and presenting it to the
    user in a friendly manner.

    The prox.py tool supports SSL connections, which is specified with
    the --ssl-in and --ssl-out options. When --ssl-in is specified,
    incoming connections use the SSL protocol. When --ssl-out is
    specified, outgoing connections use the SSL protocol. Specifying
    -s is equivalent to specifying both --ssl-in and -ssl-out. If
    -3 is specified, the SSLv3 protocol is used. If -T is specified,
    TLSv1 is specified, otherwise SSLv23 is used.

    When using --ssl-in, an SSL certificate and private key are required.
    When not using the auto-cert option, the SSL certificate is read
    from the cert.pem file unless specified by the -C option. When using
    the auto-cert option, a certificate is automatically generated for
    the CName specified by the -A flag and is signed by the CA key in
    ca.pem or the key specified with the -C option. Use of the auto-
    certificate option requires that the M2Crypto package be installed
    on the system. The automatically generated certificate is written
    to disk as autocert.pem.

    All certificate file names must be specified without the ".pem"
    extension. More details of the certificate creation can be found in
    the documentation of the ca.py tool.

    The -m option allows multiple filter plugin modules to be specified.
    To specify a module, specify its name and an argument, separated
    by a colon. Each module is imported and initialized by calling an
    init function with its argument string. When proxying data, each
    buffer is passed to the filter function of each module, in order,
    before the data is forwarded and logged. The filter function should
    take the address, direction and buffer as an argument and returns an
    updated buffer.

    The prox.py utility can be run from a single file without any
    dependencies other than Python unless the -A option is used, in
    which case ca.py must be present and the M2Crypto package must
    be installed. M2Crypto is available from
    http://www.heikkitoivonen.net/m2crypto/


EXAMPLES

    Proxy data incoming to port 80 to www.google.com while logging the
    data to log.txt:

        $ ./prox.py -l log.txt www.google.com 80

    Proxy data incoming to port 8888 to www.google.com using SSL.
    The SSL connection will use cert.pem as its certificate:

        $ ./prox.py -s -L 8888 www.google.com 443

    Generate a certificate for www.evil.com signed by the key in
    myca.pem and use it when proxying data to the real server
    at 1.2.3.4 while logging data to log.txt:

        $ ./prox.py -s -A www.evil.com -C myca -l log.txt 1.2.3.4 443

    Proxy incoming data connections to port 8888 over IPv4 or IPv6
    to port 80 of the 173.194.64.147 IPv4 address. Notice that an 
    IPv4-in-IPv6 address is used to specify the target.

        $ ./prox.py -6 -L 8888 ::ffff:173.194.64.147 80

    Proxy incoming data connections to port 1234 and proxy the
    data to 1.2.3.4 port 1234, while changing all letters back to
    the client to uppercase:

        $ ./prox.py -m modFiltCase:dummyArg 1.2.3.4 1234

    Proxy multiple connections on a NAT system with iptables (transparent-proxy like):
        $ sudo iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp --dport 9001 -j REDIRECT --to 8888
        $ sudo iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp --dport 80 -j REDIRECT --to 8888
        $ ./prox.py -L 8888 -O


BUGS
    The SSL handshake is performed synchronously for implementation
    simplicity. This could cause problems when serving multiple
    connections if the SSL handshake does not complete in a timely
    manner.

    The auto-certificate feature must write out the certificate to
    autocert.pem and then read it back in. This could lead to problems
    if many instances of the program are using this feature in the
    same directory.

    The server socket allows other programs to rebind over the same
    port. This provides convenience when repeatedly running the same
    proxy on the same port, but it can pose a security risk in some
    situations.
